README.md, before:

[![General Assembly Logo](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/1a91b05b8f4d44b5bbfb83abac2b0996d8e26c92/687474703a2f2f692e696d6775722e636f6d2f6b6538555354712e706e67)](https://generalassemb.ly/education/web-development-immersive)

# Challenge Template

Use this template to structure your READMEs for diagnostics.

Be sure to include a recent [`LICENSE`](LICENSE) and Markdown linter
configuration ([`.remarkrc`](.remarkrc)). Also, include an appropriate
`.gitignore`; these are usually found in specific technology templates, for
example [js-template](https://www.github.com/ga-wdi-boston/js-template).

## Prerequisites

-   Topics with which developers should be familiar with.
-   Prerequisites are "just-in-time", so if I have a prerequisite that mentions
    Sass, I would **not** need to include CSS as a prerequisite.
-   [Links to previous materials](https://www.github.com/ga-wdi-boston/example)
    are often useful.
-   In a challenge, it is useful to link to reference material, such as talk
    repositories.

## Instructions

1.  Fork and clone this repository.
1.  Change into the new directory.
1.  Install dependencies.
1.  Create and checkout a new branch to work on.
1.  Fulfill the listed requirements.

Starter code is available in [`lib/challenge.js`](lib/challenge.js). A pull
request is not required, but it is necessary if you want a code review.

You may wish to refer to [FAQs](https://github.com/ga-wdi-boston/meta/wiki/)
related to [forking,
cloning](https://github.com/ga-wdi-boston/meta/wiki/ForkAndClone).

## Requirements

Describe behavioral requirements as you'll be using them in tests. That is,
list requirements in language that describes how the written code will be used,
not how it will be written, with the exception of constraints you may wish to
place on implementation. It's a good idea to include the below paragraph
verbatim.

You should be running `grunt nag` before diagnosing any bugs, since it finds
some of the most common sources of errors. After `grunt nag` passes, you should
run `grunt test` to run the included tests. Tests will tell you whether of not
you've met these requirements.

## Bonus

Bonuses are described after the requirements, if included. They should be worked
on **only after** passing requirements.

Sometimes, we ask questions that promote thinking critically about code.

## [License](LICENSE)

1.  All content is licensed under a CC­BY­NC­SA 4.0 license.
1.  All software code is licensed under GNU GPLv3. For commercial use or
    alternative licensing, please contact legal@ga.co.

Commit message:

update readme to be DC specific

README.md, after:

[![General Assembly Logo](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/1a91b05b8f4d44b5bbfb83abac2b0996d8e26c92/687474703a2f2f692e696d6775722e636f6d2f6b6538555354712e706e67)](https://generalassemb.ly/education/web-development-immersive)

# Challenge Template

Use this template to structure your READMEs for diagnostics.

Be sure to include a recent [`LICENSE`](LICENSE) and Markdown linter
configuration ([`.remarkrc`](.remarkrc)).

## Prerequisites

* Topics with which developers should be familiar with.
* Prerequisites are "just-in-time", so if I have a prerequisite that mentions
  Sass, I would **not** need to include CSS as a prerequisite.
* [Links to previous materials](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
  are often useful.
* In a challenge, it is useful to link to reference material, such as talk
  repositories.

## Instructions

1.  Fork and clone this repository.
1.  Change into the new directory.
1.  Install dependencies.
1.  Fulfill the listed requirements.

Starter code is available in [`lib/challenge.js`](lib/challenge.js). You are
required to turn in your submission by making a pull request on the original
repository.

## Requirements

Describe behavioral requirements as you'll be using them in tests. That is,
list requirements in language that describes how the written code will be used,
not how it will be written, with the exception of constraints you may wish to
place on implementation. It's a good idea to include the below paragraph
verbatim.

## Bonus

Bonuses are described after the requirements, if included. They should be worked
on **only after** passing requirements.

Less experienced students should be able to complete the base requirements in
the alloted time for labs and in around 2 hours for homework; more experienced
students should be to complete the bonus.

Sometimes, we ask questions that promote thinking critically about code.

## [License](LICENSE)

1.  All content is licensed under a CC­BY­NC­SA 4.0 license.
1.  All software code is licensed under GNU GPLv3. For commercial use or
    alternative licensing, please contact legal@ga.co.
